Allow to run scala-cli snapshot (#548)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/commands/basics.md

# Hello
```

> ## ScalaCLI version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scala CLI version
```

> `scala-cli` can also run the other version of `scala-cli`, it may be helpful to test unreleased scala-cli functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`scala-cli` can also run another Scala CLI version, which can be helpful to test unreleased yet Scala CLI functionality.
```

Reviewer: I would also warn users that this runs a JVM-based Scala CLI, not a native one, so that this might be a bit slower.

> ```bash ignore

Reviewer 2: Can we use `ChainedSnippets` and use expected outputs as in https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/blob/master/website/docs/getting_started.md ?

Reviewer 2: Also why we do need to use `ignore`?

scala-cli about
# Scala CLI version 0.0.9 (v0.0.9)
```

```bash ignore

> scala-cli about --scala-cli-version 0.0.9+131-gf0ab5c40-SNAPSHOT

Reviewer: With my suggestion above, that would be
```suggestion
scala-cli --scala-cli-version 0.0.9+131-gf0ab5c40-SNAPSHOT about
```
